[Music]
Adney so paste the boiling water
japanese miso has a wonderful deep
savory richness and is brilliant in
soups
great in fresh ginger
add dried shiitake mushrooms that have
been soaked in water
season with soy sauce crack an egg added
to the broth and poached for two to
three minutes
and thinly sliced portobello mushrooms
to a serving bowl put in fresh medium
egg noodles which will heat through in
the hot miso broth add spinach
then simply spoon the broth into your
bowl
[Music]
top with the egg and fresh chopped
spring onions
so simple so good and so delicious ready
in ten minutes
super fast noodle soup with poached egg
and spring onions
[Music]